Add info about testing locally (#2188)
runtimeverification/evm-semantics: README.md

-   `make test-proof`: Proofs from the [Verified Smart Contracts].
-   `make test-interactive`: Tests of the `kevm` command.

> You can customize the run by giving extra arguments to make via `PYTEST_ARGS+='-n 12 -vv'`.

Reviewer: I'd formulate this first in general terms, then with particular examples:

~~~suggestion
All these targets call `pytest` under the hood. You can pass additional arguments to the call by appending them to variable `PYTEST_ARGS`. E.g. run

```
make test-vm PYTEST_ARGS+=-vv
```

to execute VMTests with increased verbosity, and

```
make test-vm PYTEST_ARGS+=-n0
```

to execute them on a single worker.
~~~

> More details about the exact commands being run can be found in `/tmp/pytest-of-<user>/...`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Files produced by test runs, e.g. kompiled definition and logs, can be found in `/tmp/pytest-of-<user>/`.
```
